What type of resume are you seeking to create? (Type stem, healthcare, or other).
stem
Give us a list of your technical skills separated by commas.
python, jupyter notebooks, python libraries including numpy pandas and sklearn, R, C++, github workflows
Give us a list of your soft skills separated by commas.
creative, organized, enthusiastic, team-player
What is your highest level of education?
college
What degree(s) have you earned and from which institution(s)?
bachelor's degree from the university of florida
What was your major or field of study?
Data science
Did you receive any academic honors or awards?
I received an AI certificate
What research experience do you have?
nan
Can you describe any significant projects you have worked on? What was your role?
I coded a small video game demo for a puzzle game called Boom + Bust. I wrote a paper on using sentiment analysis and news headlines to predict the movements of the dow jones. I helped code a resume creation program
What were the goals and outcomes of those projects?
The goal was to see if I could code a short but fun video game. The game was pretty good. The program was able to get a simulation accuracy of 140% return on investment over one year. The program was a success and now has a small user base
Did you collaborate with a team or work independently on these projects?
I worked independently on the first two and as team leader on the third
Did any of these projects have a measurable impact or result in any achievements?
Yes, all 3 projects met their goals
What is your employment history? Please provide the job titles, companies, and dates of employment.
satchels pizza 2018-present
What did you do at your job? What did a typical day look like?
Working at satchels pizza taught me dedication and hard work. Over the 3 years I’ve worked there I have worked as in the following positions: Graphic designer, Waiter, Cashier, Host, Soda maker
Did you achieve any notable accomplishments or receive any recognition during your employment?
I was promoted four times
Were there any specific technologies or tools you utilized in your previous roles?
Restaurant POS systems, Adobe illustrator, Adobe photoshop
Have you pursued any additional certifications, training, or professional development courses? If yes, please provide details.
I’m certified in the adobe and microsoft suites
Have you attended any relevant workshops, conferences, or industry events?
No
